well one of the Israeli captives who's
been released by the armed wing of Hamas
on Monday evening has been telling her
story your Chev lifshitz is one of two
elderly women released for what Hamas
says were humanitarian reasons their
husbands though remain behind detained
in Gaza their release followed mediation
efforts from katar and Egypt well let's
speak to Alan Fischer he joins us now
from occupied East Jerusalem Alan one of
those captives as we as we've been
saying has been speaking out about the
trauma of her capture and also what it
was like an in detention how is all that
being
received yok liit gave a fairly graphic
description of her more than two weeks
uh after being captured by Hamas it was
a Saturday morning the 7th of October
she was near her home very close to the
Gaza border when she suddenly saw men
coming across through a hole in the
fence a fence that she essentially said
wasn't worth the millions of dollars
that had been spent on it so suddenly
she was bundled onto the back of a
motorbike and was heading to Gaza and
very graphically she explained her
journey
there I went through hell something I
didn't think human beings would do to
one another I have never gone through
anything like it in my life they arrived
at the kibuts and kidnapped us taking us
to surrounding Fields the young man beat
me and hurt me and they took my watch
and jewelry they were riding motorbikes
and took us to the entrance of a tunnel
when they arrived they told us that they
believed in the Quran and wouldn't do
anything bad to us we walked through the
tunnels and reached a large Hall where
about 20 people were gathered then they
separated us and took one group to
another room there was a doctor with us
another Doctor Who Came every 3 days and
the nurse who examined us and gave us
the same medicines that we get at home
we were accompanied by a young man on a
bike whose hands and legs were injured
and who deserved Mercy they provided us
with everything we needed and were
afraid of diseases spreading they were
also very friendly and shared their food
with
us Alan we understand that Netanyahu
today has also met with the French
President Emanuel macron how's that
visit being
seen the latest in the world leaders to
make their way to show their support for
Israel he met with the Israeli president
and then one-on-one with Benjamin
Netanyahu and then an extend extended
meeting with both sides bringing in
their advisors what was interesting is
that macron president macron said that
the alliance that was put together to
fight isil could be reassembled and
brought on to fight Hamas that might
find some opposition in the
International Coalition there's
certainly a huge reluctance among the
Americans to bring anything close to
boots on the ground here in uh in either
Gaza or elsewhere nearby it it's
something that Joe Biden has been
incredibly clear about but president
macron will be one of only two Western
leaders to head to rala to meet with
Mahmud abas the president of the
Palestinian Authority Mart Ruta the
Dutch prime minister was there yesterday
uh I mean Emanuel macron said he would
only come if there was something that he
could do if travel was useful well he's
now got to convince mmud Abbas that the
plan that he is proposing would be
useful to the Palestinian people and
useful to Israel a very tough task at
any time Alan fiser there with the
latest for us from occupied East
Jerusalem thank you Alan